Why does this feel wrong I still feel dizzy. I need to lay down. I'll get you a glass of water
Thanks
Everything is going according to plan
I just have one more thing to do. Cora
Cora
Yes, my love I made you a cake to celebrate your recovery
Thank you
Why is it so dark in here? Aren't you afraid of the dark?
I'm not that delicate
Come on try some
Thanks
Cheers
Let's do this another day. I have a big meeting tomorrow. I'll see you in the morning
Okay, I wonder how he's doing. He should be awake
Will he look for me? Will he even know where to find me?
When he has decided to participate in international perfumery competition with green spice
We call it more is to participate. So this is your plan to steal my life
Although I will say we have a registration process that is closing a very
What are you doing? I'm old place in golf and drink. I'll leave the company's affairs to you
Don't worry dad. I can handle it Josh decided to turn himself in
She's alive and well, no worry. I'll be right back. Don't play any tricks
Maybe we'll get some cheese
Cheese
By her that worked it was a stupid one now
Even if I can't prove my identity will he believe it when I was five years old my mother told me how to make my first perfume
I called it miss v. I don't know if
It's him. He knows.
I want to register.
Sorry. We're closed. Wait a minute.
I know this doesn't mean anything to you.
But this means everything to me.
Please. Have you found her yet?
No. These are our expertise, Madam.
Fresh.
They're basically asses to just lock her up.
What?
That's why I untied her.
I guess I have to do everything myself.
Are you ready? Do you mind?
You seem nervous.
Really? Maybe I'm just excited.
We are attending the awards ceremony after all.
Let's go.
Ladies and gentlemen, after a month of fierce competition,
the GSD has found its winner.
It's Victoria!
We now invite her to the stage to accept her award.
This is some mysterious, independent perfume or Victorian.
You should know, shouldn't you?
Really? I want to know who it is.
Who is that on the stage?
Isn't this Kora?
No, Kora is sitting in the audience.
Sit down.
I believe someone has recognized me.
Yes, I have many identities.
You may be familiar with Victoria,
but you can also call me by my real name.
Ashley Green.
No matter what name I go by,
honesty is the most important thing.
I stand here today because someone plagiarized my work
and tried to steal my life.
I will not let her succeed.
Ladies and gentlemen,
it seems the president will present the awarder.
Long time no see.
Time's up.
Give me back my life, bitch thief.
It's not what it looks like.
You have to believe me, Tristan. Tristan!
Kora replaced Ashley.
Tristan, I was the one who was with you by your side when you woke up.
I made you a cake!
How do you not believe me?
Ms. Kora's saving for the police.
Come on.
Let go of me. Let go of me!
When I opened my eyes,
I know she wasn't you.
You okay?
I burned my hand.
Why are you laughing?
It's the other hand.
Does this feel wrong?
You're a liar. Get her out of here.
What are you looking at?
She wasn't afraid of the dark.
She didn't have any burn marks on her hands.
I want to hurt about your twin.
I have my suspicions.
She was saying that she pretended to be you
and then went to see Louis Carey.
Yes.
This is just her usual dirty trick.
You two switch places often,
or is this something that you did as kids?
Okay.
See what you can find on Kora's twin sister, Ashley.
I need to know what's going on between them.
You knew everything.
Not everything.
I didn't know where you were.
That's why I took a chance.
I know this.
What if I never came?
What if I didn't escape?
I never want to stop looking.
How's it coming?
Almost ready.
What a beautiful place.
Yeah.
A lot of good memories.
Ooh.
Here we go.
Just some time.
Alright, let's eat.
It's a lot of fun memories.
Drink up.
Cheers.
There goes nothing.
What's going on?
Close your eyes.
Then follow me.
What for?
Trust me.
You got two steps coming up here.
Okay.
Here's one.
Good.
One more.
Now this is kind of fun.
Yeah, this seems about right.
Where'd you go?
Okay, now you can open up.
Today I'd like to form any propose to you.
That's Ashley Green.
Will you marry me?
Again?
The real me says yes.